ANTI -OIL 
 
Anti-oil means stain -proof quality. Anti -oil is the new range of stain -proof papers, highly resistant to 
vegetable oils and fats. It is dedicated to the labeling of high -quality food and cosmetic products such as 
extra virgin olive oil, food specialties in  glass jars and precious perfumed oils and essences for home and 
personal care.  
 
With Anti -oil you can avoid: Dark paper, or white paper covered in dark inks – once the favorite way to 
try to cover stains. A plastic film that would make the product seem cheaper. We offer labels made from 
waterproof materials that are perfect for high -quality, high -value products. They have a natural and 
genuine appearance, which they retain time after use.  
Not just one: discover all our Anti -oil solutions Our premium Anti -oil range presents different solutions, 
each one unique, thanks to an offer of different colours, with special characteristics. From the Rustica 
range – different papers available in white,  ivory or pearl – to the Vergata in white or ivory  
 
 
The advantages of lamination  
Lamination (lamination) of the label has many advantages: it protects the print from rubbing and makes 
the label tear -proof and resistant to chemical agents. It makes your labels stand out, making them 
especially suitable for high -end containers or luxury products. Laminated materials can produce unique 
effects, from elegant matte to silky.  
How to make your labels more durable: Adding lamination to a label improves its functionality, strength 
and resistance to damage. It can also give your labels a unique finish and premium look.  
 
Ice bucket proof label technologies  
We have barrier paper faces that perform well in wet conditions and protect the quality of your labels — 
from cold storage to consumers' homes. Put an end to delamination, edge lifting and wrinkling with 
innovative labeling solutions designed to survive th e two -hour “ice bucket challenge”.  
Keep your label white: Protect the visual appeal of your labels with Anti -Graying technology — 
specifically created to resist the impact of moisture absorption and combat label graying. Eliminate 
uneven colors and protect your designs from creases, without  having to opt for plastic films and metallic 
fronts.  
Keep your design intact: Include Barrier Paper technology in your most complex labels to reduce 
bubbles, creases and warping in wet conditions.  
PLASTIC FILMS  Why use labels made with plastic film materials?  
Filmic labels offer durability, aesthetics and functionality for a wide range of applications and conditions.  
How flexible should the label be?  
Rigid (PET): Highly rigid and ultra -clear, used primarily in specialized applications.  
Rigid (PP): For bottles with flat surfaces or simple curves, high clarity and white (cavitated) finishes.  
Semi -conformable (MDO*): For bottles with slight curvature and compressibility. Thicker than PE. Lower 
CO2 footprint than PE.  
Conformable (PE): For fully conformable packages, complex package shapes and large labels.  
 
Conformability, compressibility: PE - MDO  
Clarity, dimensional stability: PET - PP 
HDPE rigid container: Use PE material  
Rigid PP container: Use PP material  
Rigid PET container: use PP material  
Rigid glass container: use PP material  
Rigid tin container: use PP material  
PP/PE flexible container: use PET/PP material  
 
Selecting the right paper for your label depends on a mix of factors, including your application, package 
design, the functionality you need, and more. Here's how to choose the right material in five easy steps.  
 
What is the item you're labeling? What kind of substrate (surface) will you  
apply the label to? And what are the conditions under which the label must perform? Our paper label 
materials are widely used in applications in the following industries (and more):  
 
Paper facestocks come with a wide variety of characteristics that can ensure  
and enhance performance. Some of the options and variables to keep in mind:  
 
Weight / thickness of the base paper  
Coated or uncoated paper  Resistance to humidity and water (splash proof)  
Resistance to oil and grease  
Resistance to ultraviolet light and heat  
Scuffing resistance  
Tensile/wet strength and tear resistance  
Stiffness (which determines the mandrel and dispensing performance of the label)  
 
Opacity (the degree to which  
light can pass through the material, determining its “clarity” or transparency)  
Whiteness and brightness  
(including OBA -free solutions)  
 
Gloss level, roughness, and smoothness  
Amount of recycled content  
(if required)  
Variable Information readability  
(for readable barcodes)  
Destructibility, tamper evident properties  
 
 
Coated papers  
These are papers with a (semi)gloss finish obtained by applying a coating on the base paper. They work 
with the broadest range of applications, including unique label constructions on complex package 
shapes.  
 
Uncoated papers  
No coating, just pure paper.  
 
Special papers and foils  There is a wide variety of special label materials available, such as decorative labels, foils, radiants, 
metalized papers, and grease -proof papers.  
 
Packaging for luxury goods  
When shelf appeal really counts, you can rely on our premium paper solutions  
to help win consumers’ attention. By offering a sensory feast of colors, textures, and coatings, our 
premium decorative papers help converters, designers, and brands create beautiful packaging that 
demands to be touched, read, and taken home, whether you’r e printing digitally or through conventional 
offset methods.  