Orders
Question: Is there a minimum quantity of labels to order?
Answer: Yes, the minimum quantity is 500 labels.
Question: How can the minimum order quantity be managed with different entities?
Answer: Considering that the minimum quantity per order is 500 labels, you have the 
possibility of selecting different subjects, reaching a total of 500 labels even on 
different subjects. (Ex: 100 Subject 1; 100 Subject 2; 300 Subject 3)
Question: Can I also order my labels by phone or email?
Answer: Contattaci a info@auroflex.it o attraverso i nostri recapiti telefonici.
Question: Can I pick up a product at your location?
Answer: Yes, it is possible. For more information contact us at info@auroflex.it or 
via our telephone numbers.
Question: Can I change or cancel an order?
Answer: Yes, it is possible to do it. You can cancel your order for free within 2 
hours of purchase.
Advice
Question: Do you print with variable data?
Answer: Yes, we use Mosaic and Collage technologies. For variable data, we recommend
you to request a personalized consultation with our team.
Question: What are the brands of the papers you use for printing?
Answer: Our main suppliers are: Fedrigoni group, Avery Denninson, and UPM Raflatac.
Question: What is a printing plant?
Answer: Printing plants are the tools (e.g., screen printing frames, hot stamping 
clichés) that allow us to create labels.
Question: In my file, there are Pantone colors. Will I actually get the same 
reproduction during printing?
Answer: Our printing systems allow us to be faithful to Pantone colors with a 
precision range that goes from 95% to 100%. To find out if your Pantone color falls 
within this range, contact us at info@auroflex.it
Question: Can the printed product be used in contact with food?
Answer: No, we're sorry. The supports of our labels cannot be in direct contact with
food.
Question: Why is the color of the labels not the same as what I see on the computer 
screen?
Answer: Achieving the same color rendering between a physical product (printed 
labels) and a monitor image is particularly complex, even when using professionally 
calibrated monitors for this purpose. Therefore, we recommend using Pantone color 
swatches in version C or U to have a color match more similar to the final result. 
In any case, the same Pantone color will have slight differences if printed on 
different papers, as each paper has different characteristics (e.g., white point, absorbency, surface).
Question: Why do you use UV protective varnish?
Answer: UV varnishing is used to further protect the print from scratches or color 
contamination.
Question: What are adhesive labels on a roll?
Answer: Adhesive labels on a roll are labels that are arranged on rollers or rolls 
(reels) in such a way as to allow their automatic application through special 
machines (labelers) on containers (e.g., bottles or jars).
Question: How many labels are there on each roll? How many labels can be put on a 
roll?
Answer: There is no predetermined number, the desired number of labels on a roll can
be indicated in the quote phase.
Question: What do you mean by subject?
Answer: The subjects are graphic variations of the labels that do not affect the 
dimensions or any finishes.
Question: It is possible to print the label in multiple subjects.
Answer: By subject, we mean the possibility of printing different graphics having 
the same format, materials, and processes.
(E.g., it is possible to have a round label on rustic paper and print 3 different 
graphics: one for orange jam, one for strawberry jam, and one for raspberry jam)
Question: Why are some processes not available for some supports?
Answer: Not all finishes are applicable to all supports, for example, it is not 
possible to perform a dry embossing on plastic materials as the desired effect could
not be obtained.
Question: When and how is it recommended to use the opaque white?
Answer: It is advisable to use white on all supports that are not white (e.g., 
Transparent, Gold or silver paper, and black). In any case, the use of white is 
conditioned by the effect you want to achieve.
Question: What colors can I use for hot stamping?
Answer: We work with hot stamping systems supplied by Kurz and the following colors 
exist: glossy gold, matte gold, glossy silver, matte silver, pink foil, blue foil, 
bronze foil, red, green, orange, steel, copper, black, liquid pink, combo green, 
pebble, beige, blue element, mysterious ruby, polarlight, platinum.
Question: What are the shapes of the dies available?
Answer: 4 types of dies: Rectangular or square, Circular, Oval, Irregular.
DEFINITIONS
Question: What is FSC?
Answer: FSC Chain of Custody (CoC) certification ensures the traceability of 
materials from FSC certified forests and is essential to be able to apply FSC labels
on products.Question: What does Polar mean?
Answer: Non-polar surfaces are those surfaces such as PVC and HDPE that have a low 
surface energy (LSE), so adhesives do not adhere as easily and are more critical.
Question: What does Non-polar mean?
Answer: Polar surfaces are those surfaces such as PET and glass that have a high 
surface energy (HSE) and adhesion to them is easier.
Question: What is meant by Material?
Answer: Support on which the label is printed. The choice of material depends both 
on the aesthetic yield that is desired and on the type of product to be labeled.
Question: What is meant by Special Inks?
Answer: Processing that involves the use of white or silver ink on all types of 
materials, especially on transparent or colored ones. These inks are used as a base 
layer in dark, transparent, metallized backgrounds to highlight colors and make them
visible and on white materials to obtain unique artistic effects.
Question: What is meant by lamination?
Answer: Lamination, commonly called plasticization, involves the application of a 
transparent, opaque, glossy or soft touch film to protect or embellish the label. It
is applied to the entire surface of the label.
Question: What is meant by varnishing?
Answer: Varnishing involves the application of varnishes over the entire surface of 
the label or on some of its details to protect or embellish the label. The varnish 
can be glossy, matte, overprintable and non-overprintable.
Question: What is meant by hot printing?
Answer: Hot printing involves the application of very thin foils or foils, available
in different color variants. The foils are transferred to the label via cliché, 
helping to embellish the label.
Question: What is meant by screen printing?
Answer: Screen printing involves the application of ink on some details of the label
to highlight them. This processing can be glossy, matte, flat or embossed. In 
particular, embossed screen printing, also commonly known as braille effect, allows 
to obtain a three-dimensional effect.
Question: What is meant by dry relief?
Answer: Dry relief is a processing that creates a three-dimensional effect on some 
details of the label, obtained through cliché. There are two types:
Embossing: raises particular details, creating a high relief effect.
Debossing: lowers certain details, creating a low relief effect.
Question: What is meant by doming?
Answer: Doming is a three-dimensional effect that gives foils/foils, available in 
different color variants, the appearance of a poured liquid. This processing is 
commonly called "poured gold".Question: What is an overprint?
Answer: Overprinting refers to a printing process that takes place after the main 
printing of the label. It is an additional print performed on the already printed 
surface of the base label. This technique can be used to add additional information 
such as safety information, expiration dates, batch or any other relevant 
information.
Question: What is progressive numbering?
Answer: Progressive numbering in the prints of self-adhesive labels in coil implies 
the assignment of a unique increasing number to each single label.
GRAPHIC FILE
Question: What are the main characteristics to respect in the creation of a graphic 
file?
Answer: We have created a guide to read to set up your graphic file optimally, you 
will find it at this address.
Question: Should the fonts be converted into paths?
Answer: Yes
Question: Should the images be embedded in the document?
Yes, and with a resolution of 300dpi
Question: Can I overlap more inks? What is the maximum?
Question: What characteristics should the file to be sent have?
Answer: It must be a PDF file with 300dpi images embedded and fonts converted into 
paths, the color space must be CMYK and in case of using Pantone colors you should 
use the correct version in relation to the support on which you intend to print. U 
for Natural papers, C for Coated papers and Plastic Films
Question: Should the file to be sent be open and editable with all separate layers 
(texts, images, backgrounds, etc.)?
Answer: Yes
Question: Should Pantone colors be converted into four-color process?
Answer: No, but we recommend using the correct version in relation to the support on
which you intend to print. U for Natural papers, C for Coated papers and Plastic 
Films
Question: How much should the safety margin of text elements and graphic elements 
from the die line be?
Answer: We recommend 2 mm, but it is advisable not to go beyond 1 mm
Question: How much should the abundance of graphics beyond the die line be?
Answer: We recommend inserting 2mm of abundance
Question: Should the text be converted into paths?Answer: The file must be accompanied by the relative fonts, alternatively the text 
must be converted into paths
Question: How should I incorporate logos and strokes?
Answer: If they are images, incorporate them into the document at a resolution of 
300dpi
Question: What is the required resolution for images in the file?
Answer: 300dpi
Question: Which color profile should I adopt?
Answer: The supported color profile is the standard four-color process CMYK. The RGB
profile is not supported.
Question: How can I handle hot printing in my file?
Answer: Answer in the guide
Question: How can I handle screen printing in relief in my file?
Answer: Answer in the guide
Question: How can I handle doming in my file?
Answer: Answer in the guide
Question: What precautions should be considered for printing files on transparent 
media?
Answer: For printing on transparent media, it should be noted that the machine will 
also print using the color white. For this reason, it is necessary to create a new 
flat tint named "white". For convenience, it is recommended to assign a primary 
display color such as Cyan or Yellow to the flat tint "white". If there are also 
other elements that will be printed in a color different from white (for example 
black texts or images), it is necessary to apply the white color to them as well. 
This procedure is necessary because the transparent does not have the white 
background of the paper, therefore, omitting it, the colors will appear "faded". For
this purpose, duplicates of these elements (perhaps on a new dedicated level) must 
be created, overlapped and selected as filling the white color previously created by
activating the "overprint". With symmetrically shaped images (square or rectangular)
a box of the same size as the image must be created and proceed as above. In the 
case of "clipped" images, the procedure is the same as just explained, with the only
difference that instead of the box you will have to create a path that follows the 
contours of the image.
Question: What die-cut shape can I choose?
Answer: In theory, there are no restrictions on the shape of the label to be 
produced. 
You can choose between customizable shaped dies or classic shapes such as squares, 
rectangles, circles or ovals. In the event that the creation of the custom die is 
not feasible for technical reasons, our staff will contact you to evaluate 
alternatives and guarantee the best possible realization.
Question: With which software can I create my print file?Answer: For the design and setting of graphic files, Illustrator is used.
Question: Can I change the print file?
Answer: You can request, if the label printing has not yet started.
Question: In what format should I send the print files?
Answer: The ideal formats for sending graphic files are: PDF and AI. The label must 
be in CMYK four-color process. All RGB projects will be converted.
Question: What is the difference between CMYK and RGB?
Answer: Four-color or CMYK is the color method used for high-quality printing while 
RGB is the method used for web-destined files.
Question: What is the maximum size the file to be printed can have?
Answer: The resolution must be 300dpi.
Question: If my file is large, how can I reduce it?
Answer: We recommend setting the resolution of the images to 300dpi, in case there 
is also a high number of vector elements, we recommend reducing the number or 
complexity.
Question: What is the correct type of colors to use in the file?
Answer: The file must be in CMYK four-color process. All RGB projects will be 
converted to CMYK.
Question: Are my files checked once uploaded? Is my file checked by an operator?
Answer: Certainly. Once the order has been sent and the files uploaded, our systems 
and our prepress office will take care of verifying that the file is compatible with
printing. If this is not the case, you will be contacted by email.
Question: Can you make changes to my graphic file?
Answer: Yes, you can see among our services the most suitable for your needs.
Question: What color profile should I adopt?
Answer: The supported color profile is the CMYK four-color standard. The RGB profile
is not supported.